hi amid post office can we send veal
envelopes to the mailbox please sure I
will send it to the post office ASAP
also hi we'll give you ten bucks thanks
see you later hi
okay the party is all I also told
everyone invited to come at 6:15 p.m.
right now it's 6:00 in the evening I
won't be one time no see gentles and
watts with all the fancy shenanigans one
they are not fancy shenanigans they are
party decorations and supplies why
didn't you tell us that you were
throwing a party because it looks so
awesome
also I installed the new it looks like
it because you said you were throwing a
party let's make this party last have
you never had the best party before want
to drink a dia leaders and punch won't
you come to the right place
oh yeah this party totally rocks I
really think that Christmas and parties
go like Sonic and Amy's watch me do the
spinning wheel will you quiet down I'm
trying to read my book
I wonder how long I can count one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
11 12 13 14 15 16 2015 6 2015 7 2015 8
2015 9 2016 go god am I tired I better
fall asleep before Barney gets me
that was a great party I knew it was
going to be a success anyway I'd better
go to bed right now
2061 2062 2063 2064 2065 2066 2067 2016
8 2016 9 2070 2071 2072 I think that is
all I am going to do today time for